feat(alerts): Add new common tags (#7088)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/create-alerts/metric-alert-config.mdx

Add filters in the provided input to narrow down what you'll be alerted about, such as URL tags or other event properties. Available properties depend on your alert's event type:

- for **error** events, all error properties are available. See [Searchable Properties](/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties/#event-properties) for a full list

> - for **transaction** events, only five properties are available: `release`, `transaction`, `transaction.status`, `transaction.op`, `browser.name`, `os.name`, `geo.country_code`, `http.status_code`, and `http.method`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for **transaction** events, only the following properties are available: `release`, `transaction`, `transaction.status`, `transaction.op`, `browser.name`, `os.name`, `geo.country_code`, `http.status_code`, and `http.method`.
```
